okay you wanted a video of what I've
done as you can see a ton of room
between the porch and these bushes that
were used to look just like this you
can't and this is kind of after they
were cut a little bit so I think this is
an English boxwood this out of control
look at this
can't even get behind here hardly to get
to the hose you got to go through like
the jungle and you can't get up here and
fix the gutter until all this mess is
cleaned up so and this is the mess you
should have seen it before that whole
curb was full of everything this is this
is the second go-around and I'm trying
to put this in little bundles and I trim
the azalea bush down to nothing as you
can see and I've done half the gutter I
repaired it there was a hole right up
there anyway and you see this looks like
more like a copy area now I don't know
if I should chop it the rest of the way
down because it needs food to get into
the roots mmm whatever there was a lot
of dead stuff on there though but it you
can actually see that there's a porch
there now that this is this is just
insane look at this this is just insane
look under there nothing under there
just terrible so as you can see this is
like about six feet tall so I'll give
you update okay as you can see this is
really drastic pruning and I want to
kill the bush but I left little shoots
there little shoots on the bush and
azaleas not too bad
and of course I started doing this and
you can see the difference already that
you can look underneath the bush and it
is totally this bush got so big it
totally choked out this other bush and
caused all kinds of death and that's why
it's so necessary to prune these things
it's like our lives being pruned by God
if you don't get rid of this crap then
you're going to have it's going to
result in spiritual death so anyway
anyhow I've been sawing and this is the
pile so far and the governor said we
didn't have to bind anything together
because have the storms so hopefully
they won't know that this is just one
yard waste not from the storm yeah so
yeah the publican he made one whole
truck just to get my stuff and there's
the kitty you won't have any more bushes
to go under cat sorry as you can see I
think the county is going to have to
send out one whole truck just
for all this stuff that HEIs cut years
and years in Europe I'm absolutely
sweltering I really would like to be
back in the Pacific Northwest where it's
nice and cold and so I think bushes that
were there before they're gone
yes it's shocking I pray that the
ex-husband won't have a heart attack
yeah now it reveals other things that
need to repair like that window that's
busted don't tell anybody he has a
screen overtop of it I guess so that
people can't see in there that's okay
I'll get that fixed too anyway and I
just saw um God protected me from being
electrocuted over here look at this
lovely someone tape the wires together
and when I was moving the cord
they came apart and I saw sparks coming
out so I am so glad it didn't make
contact with my wet skin or I probably
would be dead right now
so anyhow I'm gonna rake all that up and
gonna look nice and maybe I'll find some
flowers one more little thing I would
like to add is that ninety percent of
what I did was with the saw a handsaw
not those dodgy Clippers over there that
could have electrocuted me well the wire
was dodgy but still feels like it's 90
degrees out here and then I got back and
as you can see up here you can actually
see that there's a porch here yes
shocking and I know this is really
drastic but it's to rejuvenate the plant
hopefully it'll come back but what else
can you do and then I saw this nightmare
on the side of the house okay I'm not
going to attempt that not right now that
bush is about ten feet high
that's another that's a nutshell that's
all from it
you